Richelle Direny: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Good morning. Hi.
Hi.
Richelle Direny: Good morning.
Ilene: I'm not sure where I am.
Richelle Direny: Okay, thank you so much. I was running a little behind
Ilene: No problem.
Thank you so much for
Richelle Direny: Coming to your
Richelle Direny: When
Everything.
Ilene: Where are you located
Richelle Direny: I'm in Florida.
Ilene: Oh, okay. That's right.
Richelle Direny: Um, how is everything going with you. I know with all of this corona.
Richelle Direny: Virus thing everyone is kind of adding
Ilene: I know it's so weird.
Ilene: Get everything set up.
Richelle Direny: Like I said, again, thanks for coming.
Richelle Direny: I know you just went
Richelle Direny: Over to you just moved to Ohio right from California.
Ilene: To Tennessee.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you're in Tennessee. That's right. That's right. Because you go to Tennessee group one Wednesday's
Ilene: Yeah. Yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: I guess I had, I see in so many different states to keep up.
Ilene: I know I wish I was in Hawaii.
Richelle Direny: So the, you know, just kind of going over a little bit of house rules, same as it applies to groups, for the most part it's that
Richelle Direny: When you know you
Richelle Direny: Can do you login through the virtual
Richelle Direny: Money with the individuals, it's always going to be this setup your for the most part the login is the same with individuals when it's just you and Isaac anything
Ilene: Uh huh, YouTube, you
Richelle Direny: You always log into the
Ilene: Virtual counselor.
Richelle Direny: And then they would let me know. Send me a message to let me know that you've checked in. And then, you know, we'll just meet, but for the groups, they will always give you a colon for the group sessions.
Richelle Direny: I know that you're going to be meet you go to groups every other week. Right.
Ilene: I think I'm pretty sure it's every other week.
Richelle Direny: Okay, your self pays
Right.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, so given that yourself pay, you're always going to go to. And I know you're going to do the individual individuals you do outpatient, you see.
Richelle Direny: You see someone in the community, you see a therapist in the community.
Ilene: I'm not currently
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: I don't know. I think you you
Richelle Direny: I think you know your hand must be keep accidentally touching your video.
Richelle Direny: You need it. You use video. You made it. Your video, are you stopping
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you're back. Okay, so, um, so what this session is just released an information session. This is just be gathering all the data that I'm going to
Richelle Direny: Use for your intake just kind of getting your history.
Ilene: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You know, of just kind of just the history of everything of what is called a bio psychosocial
Richelle Direny: And we determine kind of what your
Richelle Direny: Plan is and then after that we will schedule. Maybe one session, maybe in a month or so.
Just okay
Richelle Direny: All right then. So, um, you know, everything for the most part, when we do, even though this is telephone therapy. It is confidential. Everything is it is a recorded session.
Richelle Direny: But it is confidential. So we asked, especially
Richelle Direny: When
Richelle Direny: We're doing expected group and even individual as well.
Ilene: Sorry about that.
Ilene: My daughter granddaughter here and they're trying to figure out why it wasn't answering them.
Richelle Direny: And it's funny because in the middle of me saying, Oh, we're on a recorded session.
Richelle Direny: And then she walks
Ilene: I know, I know.
Richelle Direny: Oh, but I like how you play that off. You just get it.
Ilene: Um,
Richelle Direny: But yeah, so you know, generally speaking on the individuals. That's kind of how it is just having are not in the group. So, you know, no one here is kind of what other people are sharing
Ilene: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, so if you could get just get started and you can share with me.
Richelle Direny: How did you hear about the
Richelle Direny: Right heart.
Ilene: So I was attending a group through Stanford in person. I had
Ilene: Been in a pain management.
Ilene: Practice for a while trying to
Ilene: Trying to manage pain medication. So I was trying to kind of go down in terms of
Ilene: What my prescription was, and you know, then I broke my foot. And so I just had a long
Ilene: Past getting off of pain medication. And so in July. I started with the Stanford.
Ilene: dual diagnosis clinic and I was going there for depression and for
Ilene: Opioid
Ilene: Addiction.
Ilene: Although they called it
Ilene: A mild addiction. But nevertheless, it was an addiction. So I started going to their group, which was set up very similar similarly to what we're doing now, except it was in person.
Ilene: And when I was getting ready to move to California. We kept looking for
Ilene: A similar situation in Tennessee, but we could never and I could never find
Ilene: Anything even close.
Ilene: So the therapist. Actually, the medical director of the clinic at Stanford gave me the information for bright heart.
Ilene: For you, for the medical director of the program.
Richelle Direny: At Stanford. Oh, it's like a minute recommending
Richelle Direny: And I'm now. How long were you a part of the group in Stanford.
Or the program.
Ilene: Since July.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Ilene: Last, last July.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: And you
Richelle Direny: Now, what if you could just give me a little bit of history, you said you were more addicted to pain medication.
Ilene: I was taking pain medication by prescription
Ilene: But with
Ilene: You know all the stuff out about pain medication.
Ilene: My daughter kept
Ilene: encouraging me to, to try and go off it. I, you know, eventually felt like
Ilene: It was time my pain wasn't as bad as it had been so I decided to try it.
Ilene: And I never took
Ilene: Anything other than what it was prescribed
Ilene: So I never took anything different, or anything else other than what was prescribed to me.
Richelle Direny: And what. What got you started on the pain medication, were you in an accident, like what
Ilene: I hope
Ilene: Like just a whole series of things happen at once. I had a probably
Ilene: spent almost 10 years I had a pacemaker a podium and I had an auto immune reaction to the pacemaker. So I got
Ilene: Very, very sick and I
Ilene: was thought to need a liver transplant, but
Ilene: Fortunately, I didn't. I got out of the hospital and I had a horrible.
Ilene: Symptoms of
Ilene: Fibromyalgia type symptoms like horrible ache Enos
Ilene: And then at the same time I had
Ilene: Back problems that just seemed to get worse during that whole process. So I had tried just a lot of different things. I tried practice down to see if that would help the fibromyalgia pain.
Ilene: And
Ilene: I took Lyrica to see if that would help and eventually the rheumatologist suggested to me that I try a pain medication.
Ilene: And that's how I started
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you said did you say you were on a liver transplant or no, no, no.
Richelle Direny: Now, um,
Richelle Direny: And how long have long has this been going on.
Ilene: So that all happened about
Ilene: 10 years ago. Does the back situation had probably has probably been going on for I would say good to teen years.
Ilene: And
Richelle Direny: But it's always been controlled medication payments.
Richelle Direny: Yes. So you recently when you're at the medical director
Richelle Direny: When he referred you to bright heart you recently got introduced to the Suboxone or you were on Suboxone while you were at Stanford.
Ilene: I was introduced to this Suboxone treatment while I was at Stanford. Oh.
Ilene: Okay, somebody else's calling in. Let me just get rid of
iPhone: Hi, Rochelle Yes cyclists robo call
iPhone: I'm not quite sure how to make it stop.
iPhone: But hopefully it will come again.
Hold on.
Richelle Direny: Hold on one. Okay.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: I was just sending your message your appointment is at seven. Okay.
Brandon H: Awesome seven
Yeah.
Brandon H: Sign on early
Brandon H: I thought it was a six o'clock is it, seven.
Brandon H: Seven. Okay, no problem.
Richelle Direny: Just come back at seven. Oh.
Brandon H: I will
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Take it back. It is at six, it is actually
iPhone: Just come back at six o'clock.
Brandon H: I was just signing on to be there when I was ready.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right.
Richelle Direny: I mean,
Yeah, okay. Sorry about that. I hadn't
iPhone: Told me that. So Jackie.
Okay.
iPhone: Yes.
Richelle Direny: I think when your call is coming in the robo call because sometimes what I find with a lot of these robo calls, sometimes your phone picking up. Pick it up as a scam likely and now they're getting
Richelle Direny: Savvy. So now they come in with a number that you think you would know and you want to and
iPhone: That's what happened. It came in with a different number two, um, any way I was going to tell you that through the pain management, Doctor, I tried to
iPhone: Go down on the pain medication and I got down to a certain point and I felt like I couldn't get past that I just had to me like horrible withdrawal type feelings. I was getting like horrible restlessness.
iPhone: And anxiety and
iPhone: I was working full time. So I just couldn't afford to feel like that.
iPhone: And be working
iPhone: And so I was
iPhone: really afraid to completely go off of it. So,
iPhone: My therapist that I was saying at that time was able to get me into Stanford and at Stanford. I started taking the Suboxone and I was easy. I was able pretty
iPhone: Quickly to go off the pain medication which I never thought I would be able to. So it was pretty amazing. And I'm on a fairly low dose.
iPhone: And for the most part it's helping there's some days that I seem to have some kind of breakthrough feelings, where I start getting getting say um but
iPhone: Like I said, for the most part, it feels like it's working.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and that's what the what, that's what this the box on that you're on now.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And when you meet with Dr. Jamison to let her know I'm so the feelings that you're experiencing.
iPhone: You know what I've only met with her once and
iPhone: I don't think I mentioned it.
iPhone: And this weekend. However, I had a real
iPhone: Problem with the my prescription and
iPhone: So I
iPhone: Was short this this weekend. And so what I did is I took like one film I normally take two thirds of a film, but I took one film and I cut it into thirds, so that I, you know, would have enough to get through the weekend and I would say it was pretty uncomfortable. So when I talked to her.
iPhone: The next time I talked to her. I'll let her know what happened and the pharmacist.
iPhone: Was really awful towards me.
iPhone: It was a bad situation.
Richelle Direny: In terms of just making you feel bad about picking up the medication or being on the medication.
iPhone: Yeah. Does
Richelle Direny: Sometimes you know it's everyone has their opinion and their, you know, their biases towards box on and what have you. Because I've heard other people having the same experiences with some pharmacy.
iPhone: Yeah, I had never had that experience before
iPhone: I'm sorry about that. But anyway, was able to pick up my prescription today, and I'll give
iPhone: Dr. Jamison a call and
iPhone: Let her know what happened.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, that's good. So you were able to get the medication. Now, have you ever outside of Stanford. Have you ever been in any other programs before this.
iPhone: For
Richelle Direny: Any type of treatment program.
iPhone: I have
iPhone: Like maybe
iPhone: 15 years ago, something like that. I went to an outpatient
iPhone: three month clinic for alcohol.
Richelle Direny: Welcome. So what were your. So in terms of your history outside of the pain medication. What were some other drug of choice or anything that you are addicted.
Richelle Direny: Productions your like your history of addiction.
iPhone: I'm just the alcohol, I would say.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and how long
Richelle Direny: Would you say
That you have been
Richelle Direny: What was the onset alcohol addiction. When would you say that you you
Richelle Direny: Started your recovery journey.
iPhone: I would say I probably started sometime in my 30s. I don't know exactly when
iPhone: I did drink before that, but it wasn't where I felt it was a problem and then
iPhone: I think
iPhone: When
iPhone: I first started
iPhone: My new job. I had to work.
iPhone: 15 hour shifts and
iPhone: And I couldn't do it without with
iPhone: Drinking
Richelle Direny: And this
Richelle Direny: Was 15 years ago you went into treatment for the alcohol abuse.
iPhone: I did it out pig patient. So I am
iPhone: Yeah, about 15 years ago.
Richelle Direny: So how long would you say that you've been clean and sober from the alcohol addiction.
iPhone: Like since 2007 or something like that.
Richelle Direny: And now this is and then this was the recent admission into the Stanford clinic and
Richelle Direny: And how long would you say
Richelle Direny: That you have been
Richelle Direny: That you've identified some degree of addiction to the pain medication. Like, how long has that been would you say
iPhone: I think I probably told myself.
iPhone: For
iPhone: A couple years that I
iPhone: I mean, I didn't really talk about it. Anybody but I felt like it might
iPhone: Be a problem because I knew that when I was getting close to the end of the month, you know, or to the end of my prescription. I started to feel kind of anxious. So I just felt that
iPhone: If I'm having those feelings that I
iPhone: I need to look more closely at what's causing them.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and how long would you say since you've gotten to that point where you want to work on managing your payments, where you're not
Richelle Direny: Dependent on me.
iPhone: I don't think about taking the pain medication at all right now.
iPhone: But I am if you if you said
iPhone: Like this weekend when I thought that I wasn't going to be able to have a Suboxone I was just dreading going through that withdrawal feeling
iPhone: So I don't know if I'm answering your question.
iPhone: Yes, right.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're not so so you since you've been on the Suboxone you are not thinking about the payment. But then you didn't want to go through the feeling of withdrawal. If you didn't have it over the weekend.
Richelle Direny: Right. Gotcha, gotcha.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now that you said the alcohol and the pain meds were the only thing that you would say you had any form of addiction. True.
iPhone: Yes, or
Richelle Direny: No pass accidents or anything like that. All of it, it kind of started more medically related
iPhone: Home everything started
iPhone: Medically related
Oh,
iPhone: There's a call coming in now, it's, it's probably another one. If I just ignore it. Will we be okay.
Yeah, if you hit okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, do you have any
Richelle Direny: Family hit well before I go to family history. Do you have any known history of mental illness.
iPhone: And
iPhone: Some history of depression.
Richelle Direny: Where
Richelle Direny: Was it being treated by a psychiatrist or just like a doctor. Were you on medication for it.
iPhone: And I'm on medication for it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and who is treat already being psychiatry searches. You're a doctor.
iPhone: I was being monitored by a set up by a psychiatrist. I'm not right now.
Richelle Direny: How long ago did you see your psychiatrist.
iPhone: The last visit was in December.
Richelle Direny: Is it that you opted to discontinue or it's just that you haven't um
iPhone: Well basically I moved
Richelle Direny: Oh, this is why you were in
Richelle Direny: This is while you were in living in another state, you were seeing this, by contrast,
iPhone: Yeah. Oh, okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm now you have is are you actively looking for a psychiatrist in Tennessee.
iPhone: Yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so in no luck in finding one that takes your insurance. I'm assuming
iPhone: I
iPhone: had a problem with my insurance. I'm on Medicare for the first time.
iPhone: I was covered by a group insurance. And so there was kind of a glitch and getting the Medicare. So I just have had it effective February 15
iPhone: And so I saw primary care and she's
iPhone: Giving me referrals for other specialists, so I'm hoping to get one from her. She gave me one for us the boxing clinic, but
iPhone: It was
iPhone: One that you
iPhone: Paid
iPhone: I didn't quite understand it but you paid like $360 and that would give you four weeks of the box so
iPhone: You had to pay by the week for
iPhone: The amount of Suboxone that you want it.
iPhone: Okay, well, I'll see you after your best
Richelle Direny: Is there any family history of mental mental illness.
iPhone: There's like my sister sees a psychiatrist.
iPhone: You know that that sort of thing.
iPhone: You know I
Diagnose
Richelle Direny: Psychiatrist
Richelle Direny: Or they're treating her for
iPhone: She's being treated for depression and she's also being treated for add
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Have you ever had any thoughts of suicide.
Richelle Direny: Homicide homicidal thoughts suicidal thoughts have you
Know,
Richelle Direny: You know, dude. Because of your depression.
iPhone: Now,
Have you
Richelle Direny: Have you had in family history of suicidal or homicidal intent or plan or self injurious behaviors.
Yeah.
iPhone: Now,
Richelle Direny: On your family, your parents or anybody on both mom and dad side any history of mental illness.
iPhone: No.
Richelle Direny: No, no, attempted suicide homicidal self interest behavior anything like learn
No, no.
Richelle Direny: What about. Now I'm going to go into these questions we're defaulting family in
Richelle Direny: Your family is there any family or substance abuse.
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: When you say family. I'm not sure what you mean. Do you mean my children.
Richelle Direny: Well, starting off with your immediate family, well, your family six siblings parents and you
iPhone: Know my parents smoked. But, and they drank alcohol.
iPhone: But I don't think
Richelle Direny: You're not aware of any other
Richelle Direny: Side of alcohol.
No.
Richelle Direny: Now you're. How many siblings do you have
iPhone: I have
iPhone: Two siblings.
Richelle Direny: And so you're one of three and they don't have
Richelle Direny: Any history of substance abuse that you're
Richelle Direny: Aware of
No.
Richelle Direny: Only only your sister.
Richelle Direny: Is being treated for depression.
Right.
Richelle Direny: No both parents are both parents deceased.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And what about your children. How many children do you have
iPhone: I have a daughter, who's 33 and a son who's adopted who's 27 and I have a son that
iPhone: Died at six months old and he would have been 29
Richelle Direny: Okay, and there is no history family history there of substance abuse.
iPhone: I don't know about my son that's adopted.
iPhone: He's had a lot of issues with depression and
iPhone: Add
iPhone: He used to steal my medication. So
iPhone: I'd always you know be hiding medication, I'd always be a little bit short and
iPhone: He's been in and out of rehab.
Richelle Direny: Well, how old was he when you adopted him.
iPhone: I adopted him at birth.
Richelle Direny: At birth. Oh, you just don't know at the time that you adopted him back then they didn't give you a whole lot of information.
iPhone: Right, right. They weren't required to Ben. Oh.
Richelle Direny: But then, over the years, you said that he developed an addiction.
iPhone: Yes, the
iPhone: Pills. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And you said that he had been in rehab.
Yes.
No.
Richelle Direny: Terms of your history. What is your highest
Richelle Direny: Now you have grandchildren. I'm guessing all your grandchildren are young.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: How many grandchildren. Do you have
iPhone: I just have one
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's a, that's a teenagers or young
iPhone: She's two and a half.
Richelle Direny: Oh no history of anything.
Richelle Direny: Cute and loving grandma right
iPhone: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: What is your highest level of education, some college no college high school diploma.
iPhone: I received my master's degree in social work and my LCS W.
There you go. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Are you are you still practicing, or are you kind of gave up their life.
iPhone: I haven't practiced in
iPhone: Many, many years. I
iPhone: Didn't
iPhone: I didn't enjoy
iPhone: Doing the jobs that I found myself in. I didn't enjoy the one on one counseling.
iPhone: So I started working
Enjoy.
iPhone: I didn't really care for the work
iPhone: And I started working with
iPhone: An organization that
iPhone: Did deals with organ transplant. And so I was
iPhone: Part of a care team that met with family when
iPhone: You know, there would be a horrible accident or death or
iPhone: You know something along those lines. And I would do grief counseling and then facilitate organ donation if that's something that they wanted to do.
Richelle Direny: Oh, and you enjoy you enjoy that one to you.
iPhone: That sounds kind of weird for many years I you know I believed in the cause I liked the people that I was working with I felt like I was doing something. And so for most of my work life there. I
iPhone: appreciated the work I was doing. And then about
iPhone: Two or three years ago management changed, and then two years ago.
iPhone: There was a new CEO and I
iPhone: Was
iPhone: Just didn't agree with, with what she was doing and I found it really hard to to do the work I was doing
iPhone: The days are long and you're commuting to a lot of different hospitals in the territory always working out advice years and it was just
iPhone: really depressing. There was a lot going on in my life. And it just was too much.
Richelle Direny: So you just didn't you just decided to come. So, how long were you
iPhone: Well, I was at that job for
iPhone: 15 years and prior to doing that I worked for hospice. So I've kind of been doing sort of end of life care for a long time.
iPhone: Hold on, close the door here.
iPhone: Did you ask me if I enjoyed doing that.
Richelle Direny: You said was that you said you did hospice
iPhone: Work. Yes.
iPhone: I did enjoy doing it.
Richelle Direny: No. Did you you
iPhone: Know,
Richelle Direny: Have any legal or financial issues that are pending.
iPhone: Not really.
Richelle Direny: Which one to the not really the legal or financial
iPhone: No legal
iPhone: Finance.
iPhone: Financial has really been a struggle.
Richelle Direny: In terms of like debt or just just just the normal financial
iPhone: I'm
iPhone: Just
Richelle Direny: Mean, as it's related to your stressors and that's how I should ask it as it's related to your stressors and you know your depression and all that feeds your depression. That's
iPhone: Okay, it's huge them get something done.
iPhone: Has been
iPhone: really bothering me for many years.
Richelle Direny: Your financial
The financial circumstance that you have
iPhone: Yeah, I
iPhone: Kind of relied on my husband to take care of everything and
iPhone: Several years ago I found out that he was lying about a lot of things. And so, that in itself was upsetting. We had to declare bankruptcy and
iPhone: So I kind of took it upon myself to support us and also support my son, and it just, it was so stressful on so overwhelming.
Richelle Direny: Are you just husband still alive. Are you guys still together.
iPhone: My husband to live and we're still married, but we're not living together.
Richelle Direny: So you're now you're recently separated and then that's as recent as when you moved with your daughter.
Exactly.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. So recently separated due to the financial
Circumstances.
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: We're not separated because of financial circumstances were separated, because I don't want to live with him anymore. Gotcha, gotcha.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And I'm
Richelle Direny: Now, you're still. Are you still assisting him financially, he and your son or
iPhone: Your NO no, YES.
iPhone: Not to the extent that I was but
iPhone: But I am
Richelle Direny: And this is your, your husband is what you're still providing some support for him.
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. Okay.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Now you're staying with your daughter is just like a temporary just so
Richelle Direny: Kind of stabilize yourself or it's a indefinite
iPhone: Indefinite. Gotcha.
Richelle Direny: And you're both your son also lives in the same adopted son. He said, they both live in the same Do you live in Tennessee as well.
iPhone: No, he still lives in San Jose.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, now you were born in raised in California.
iPhone: Yes, I was.
Richelle Direny: So you are
Richelle Direny: You were a social worker in California.
Right.
iPhone: And if I
iPhone: Was able to do whatever I wanted. And had the money to do it. I would not have moved to Tennessee.
iPhone: You know, it's hard being away from
iPhone: Everything I've known I was happy, living there.
iPhone: However, I'm very happy to be with my daughter and her husband and my granddaughter.
iPhone: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Well, it was a mutual decision for inviting me to consistency.
iPhone: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh. Now, what is your, what would
Richelle Direny: In terms of your goals. What would you identify that you would like to work on during your time with bright heart.
iPhone: I would like to be able to go off of the soapbox
Richelle Direny: Now when you said you would like to come off of the socks on how much time are you giving yourself able to work through
Richelle Direny: Those underlining situations or circumstances that led you to the addiction of the pain meds that Pokemon brought to the Suboxone because to come off the Suboxone I would suggest that it's a slow process very disciplined process. But in the meantime, working on
Richelle Direny: You know those underlining core issues.
iPhone: So, you know, I don't have a time frame.
iPhone: I don't want to put myself in a situation like I was this weekend. You know where I felt like I was crawling out of my skin. But, um, you know, I, I just would like to get to a point where I'm, you know, comfortable, without taking anything
iPhone: Oh, so. But again, no no timeframe.
Richelle Direny: Timeframe now editor. Okay, so that's at least one goal, which is a pretty distal goal because it's a long term goal, but in terms of a short term goal that leads on
iPhone: That long term goal.
Richelle Direny: What would you say that your goal when you heard about bright heart and what the program offers. What would your, what would you like to work on for yourself to be able to help you with this process.
Again, so your long term.
iPhone: I feel like I was
iPhone: Previously getting a lot of support for
iPhone: Moving forward with my goal was then I had just a really good feeling about the support I was getting through Stanford and I actually have a similar feeling right now. It just feels very
iPhone: I don't know. It feels good and I like actually having the other week, every other week meeting and that sort of thing.
iPhone: My only concern is that this is not covered by my insurance. And so I'm trying to work on that and see
iPhone: If there's any way that can be possible.
iPhone: But I guess what I want is just to be supported as I go through kind of a new life, you know, a new living situation.
iPhone: A new situation.
iPhone: Being retired, a new situation, you know, meeting people
Richelle Direny: Okay.
iPhone: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now have you attempted are able to in in Tennessee apply for Medicaid
iPhone: I know I'm not eligible, you're not
Richelle Direny: eligible for Medicaid. OK. And now, yes. Medicare doesn't cover this program. Right.
Right.
iPhone: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, so, maybe, so if you did therapy would have to be a private page just like the group session on
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I would definitely yes I would encourage doing individuals, whether it's outside or whether it's through bright heart at least once a month to two individuals because you know
Richelle Direny: I'm a firm believer. And what's this about Suboxone therapy alone. It's not quite effective if you're not working, especially if your plan is to eventually maybe a year or two or three down the line that you want to be able to taper off of the medication.
Richelle Direny: I definitely I'm a big advocate of
Richelle Direny: Doing individual to work on those core issues because, you know, when you think about your history of the alcohol being addicted to alcohol, something was going on.
Richelle Direny: In your past that got you to whether it was you were introduced through it through social through socializing and then you liked it or was it because of relational issues because you also had
The law.
Richelle Direny: Years ago, when you have to come. He said that you do last one child right
iPhone: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And would you say that the depression started after that, or you have the depression prior
iPhone: I would say is, you know, it totally escalated after that.
Richelle Direny: It escalated after the depression.
iPhone: So, yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: They did drinking start after
Richelle Direny: That
Richelle Direny: Part of the escalation after you lost that child.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And it is never had any
Richelle Direny: You've never had any therapy during that time refund loss therapy or any kind of counseling during that time.
iPhone: Oh, I had quite a bit.
Richelle Direny: Old now. Did you have relation, like when you say quite a bit with some of it included like relationship between with you and your husband to go through like the grieving process of the loss.
iPhone: No.
Richelle Direny: It was always just you.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay. So, I mean, even, you know, granted, you said that you did have quite a bit of therapy, but even now.
Richelle Direny: Having to pretty much uproot your life. And even though. Yes, it's nice kind of looking at the silver lining. You're living with your son, your I mean your daughter and your
Richelle Direny: Your son in law in your granddaughter, you're still, like you said, having to uproot your whole life and move the whole nother state and so circumstances rounding why you had to move and having to readjust your life. So there's still that within itself.
Richelle Direny: Could make one fall into a depression.
Richelle Direny: Yeah box alone alone won't necessarily treat them.
Richelle Direny: And that's why I believe in, not only are you on the Suboxone therapy, but you're on the maintenance program, but you're also talk therapy because through talk therapy.
Richelle Direny: Will help you to learn the coping skills, be able to identify what those underlying issues are what came about, where were in
Richelle Direny: You know, kind of looking at the timeline as to when you lost full control over your life, being able to apply, apply effective coping skills in the senior hour of neat or so.
Richelle Direny: And Suboxone only helps with the cravings. It helps like with the pain management because I know part of your thing was the pain management, it only keeps you stable, but that's all it does.
Richelle Direny: Point in time. The Suboxone which is a bandaid to your real issues will have to be removed and
Richelle Direny: Mark zone over time. You just become a used to having the band aid over the room.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Or without actually allowing the wound to heal. We just take my band aid and just put it over it because we don't
iPhone: Yeah.
We're looking
Richelle Direny: So I would definitely you know recommend, whether it's like I said outpatient or whether you check in.
Richelle Direny: With you know here and we meet once a month, it's really up to you, but I understand financial strain, you know, know I know the financial part of it is a big factor. So, you know, I will just leave it up to you, but I would definitely recommend that
Okay.
Richelle Direny: But, you know, of course, in group therapy in the group individual therapy that's also an added bonus, in a part of the program is to do your every other week. Individual therapy and what I know with Dr. We talked through these Dr. Jamison is a big
Big
Richelle Direny: Doing the Suboxone maintenance program as well as the individual, whether you're doing it through us or outpatient she definitely advocates for the Olsen as
One can truly be successful.
Richelle Direny: With. It's like, I want to be a doctor, but then you have to eat, but you don't want to study, you have to do both in order to become a successful doctor right
So,
Richelle Direny: I'm be able to take her off the Suboxone and independent of any substances or any replacement substance in order to the independent of them and be successful. You have to work the program.
Richelle Direny: Authentically how it's created being on the maintenance program as well as doing psychotherapy, the two combined can only lead to success. Well,
Richelle Direny: It's not really going into
Richelle Direny: So, but, yeah, I'm going to leave it up to you. I would recommend if you did it once we could do it once a month, we can meet once a month. If not, you find someone in the community, whatever, you know, makes you feel comfortable is what I would recommend
iPhone: So I think the once a month works for me right now.
iPhone: And meanwhile, I can try to see if there's somebody identified identify in the community. Okay.
One more.
Time.
Richelle Direny: What days and times are
Best
iPhone: Pretty open right now.
iPhone: Monday always feels good. If that works for you.
Richelle Direny: Monday.
iPhone: Yeah.
Okay, so
Richelle Direny: We could do the
Richelle Direny: 20th at five.
iPhone: Okay. And so that's four o'clock, my time.
iPhone: Mason.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Then I have you down. And so when we meet next month. I will
Richelle Direny: You know, we'll go over kind of the just kind of discuss what we did today and the treatment and kind of where we go from so you're able to find
Richelle Direny: A program in the community that
iPhone: Okay, okay. Yeah, that sounds good.
We have any questions.
iPhone: No thank you.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome, dear, the time zone is is
Richelle Direny: What it's not Easter. It's not Eastern
Richelle Direny: Central Central. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. I have you. Awesome. I mean, so I will see you on Wednesday.
iPhone: Okay. Thank you, Michelle.
Richelle Direny: Thank you.
Bye bye.
Brandon H: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hi, Brandon. How are you someone sounds
Richelle Direny: Like you're sick.
Brandon H: Yeah, cold last week, so I missed a meeting and that is what was really down now is in bed all day. I forgot about the meeting completely
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Was it Thursday group right yes sir you're thirsty, girl.
Brandon H: Yeah, yeah, I was able to get a prescription for a week, but they didn't give me a two week I missed that meeting. Whoa.
Richelle Direny: Check in through virtual announcer today.
No.
Richelle Direny: You just came straight to meet with me right
Brandon H: Yeah. I forgot you told me last time I didn't have your number. So I just go to that the and tell them you're going in. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Don't worry, I'll let them know
Okay.
Brandon H: Hair Extensions.
Richelle Direny: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: So what's new. What's going on, you're staying
Richelle Direny: Safe
Brandon H: Yeah. Stay now trouble.
Richelle Direny: How is it with your I know you only have the one guy that you work with on third shift. So there's no scare there for you.
Brandon H: Yeah, he had a cold like a real cool like is like Bronco infection.
Brandon H: And had a Bronco, I would say, but it was like a throat was ROSIE. Rosie, sore throat, and Israel congestion. His voice was down to come to the stack here, and instead he don't have a coronavirus so
Richelle Direny: He said that you they brought him in to get him testing.
Brandon H: They took them a stat care of the got the other staff said that he didn't have the coronavirus I'm sure they prayed testing and board.
Brandon H: He would infer a sore throat and raspy voice.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, well, that's good. But so he just had the regular cold or flu.
Brandon H: As
Brandon H: Far as we know, I don't know how it works is that can turn into the coronavirus or
Richelle Direny: Oh no, I doubt that that will be something new. If that turns into the coronavirus that you have a whole new set of fear running around here.
Yeah.
Brandon H: I looked into the coronavirus basically it turns into pneumonia is what gets people and it's such a strong pneumonia their immune system can get rid of it and the
Brandon H: Latest
Richelle Direny: Well, that's for people who are medically compromised already so it's kind of like if you had an upper respiratory issue or you had underlining medical issues pre existing medical issues and you've got the you've got the coronavirus which it sounds to me version of the flu.
Richelle Direny: That's kind of where it becomes fail, but then even the flu can become fatal if you have underlining medical issues as well.
Brandon H: Yeah I seen it on when I did. What did I do it in a safe hundreds of thousand people die from the regular flu each year.
Richelle Direny: Exactly so. I mean, as much as it's a new the coronavirus is new. And as much as they're still trying to research to find out a vaccine for it and how they can help. Whether it's preventing or
Richelle Direny: You know, at the end of the day, it's still the flu is still more dangerous than anything else.
Richelle Direny: Because I mean, when you have the flu, you know, because it knocks you out. You can't move. You can't do anything. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're, you're not going anywhere. You can you sleep all day. You just cannot move when you have the flu. But again, those are for the most part, a lot of that is for people who have. That's why the death toll are a lot more for the elderly and for people who, again, has
Richelle Direny: Children adults young adults. Anyone who already has a pre existing medical condition they are more susceptible. So the fatality. Also, the disease or you know this. Yeah, the disease. So
Brandon H: I said to take excessive amounts of vitamin C helps to ward that up to
Richelle Direny: Well, I guess you're going to be buying a whole lot of oranges.
Brandon H: Now, I just, I had a blend of vital vitamin C. I'm taking like five on Monday.
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, well, I'd be you also do like so much of anything is not good for you.
Brandon H: Know, actually, vitamin C, they said you can't get enough of it, you can take three, four or 5000 milligrams a day and will harm you.
Richelle Direny: You really
Brandon H: Yeah well attended
Brandon H: I researched it. Yeah, it just popped up as vitamin C was a helpful against coronavirus and I read all into it. You can't overdose on Vitamin C.
Richelle Direny: Okay, was it can't overdose. I mean, you know, they told
Brandon H: People
Brandon H: Are getting injections in England, they're getting shots of it, like, super powered shots of vitamin C.
Brandon H: A lot of money but
Brandon H: America present to a lot of money.
Richelle Direny: Wow. I mean, but again, I still believe in too much of anything is not necessarily good because you know we're all we're all uniquely created
Richelle Direny: And no one knows exactly how our body functions fully 100%
Brandon H: Well, the only side effect is you might have, like, you have to go the restroom more than usual.
Richelle Direny: There you go. So he probably caused
Brandon H: The side effect. I mean, Rama consummate person. Anyway, so in America.
Brandon H: I'm constipated, as it is even before I took the box on this stuff, so
Brandon H: Since I was a kid.
Richelle Direny: And so that's the other thing. So, you know, that's something that you can even speak with you know whether it's your medical provider Natalie or whomever to talk about like being on the the Suboxone
Are you on any other medical
Richelle Direny: You know, can you taking all of this vitamin C, you know, can interact with anything because though they're saying for a normal, healthy person with no medical issues.
Richelle Direny: Hey, listen, you can take as much vitamin C, but then for the person was medically compromised already can taking a lot of Vitamin C can that affects you know asking those questions because
Brandon H: What they say that is nothing but good. There's a research it to death. And there's nothing but good from wait and see.
Brandon H: That
Brandon H: It doesn't it say almost all mammals, besides humans produce vitamin C, naturally. That's why animals don't get sick and stuff.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha.
Brandon H: They actually produce vitamin C, naturally, we're one of the few mammals, it don't
Richelle Direny: Who animals do.
Brandon H: Most animals do they said mammals.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm always whoa okay okay
Brandon H: But for the most part, you know,
Richelle Direny: But for the most part, you're mostly indoors. Right. You don't really go out, a lot of them seem like it.
Brandon H: Right. But I just want to be because she's been in a DD field and those guys. They always seem susceptible to colds and flu and stuff.
Brandon H: And the top that cold pretty bad. He was
Brandon H: He was out. He's usually pretty good about so he was bawling. His eyes out to me the 91st got it.
Brandon H: He was in bistro economic. It started with bright going to collapse because he was his, his voice was bad.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Who is this
Brandon H: My individual for work.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, you say he has the school really bad.
Brandon H: Now it's more of a like, I don't know, like that, sore throat, congestion.
Brandon H: Okay, when really the flu. He was able to go to work. This is his voice was almost gone overnight.
You know,
Brandon H: As long as you don't turn pneumonia. I'm not worried about it.
Richelle Direny: I mean, again, there's, I mean, and then also the weather seems to be kind of up and down as well. So there's just so many different
Brandon H: And he goes outside and shorts and
Brandon H: When it's cold out. I told my wife. I told him when he have his Grandma You gotta dress for the one other costs, you probably costs. You didn't get this cold.
Richelle Direny: Yes. So, you know, there's just so many different factors that people just take advantage of, like, you know, you get sick. I mean, like you said, you can't be out in the cold in shorts walking up and down and think that young
Richelle Direny: Man, you're not the invisible boy. I mean, you know, there's so many different factors. So we have to be very cautious about that.
Richelle Direny: And the things that we listened to and we hear you know you have to really like you said, do your due diligence in identifying like okay what are all of the components.
Richelle Direny: That make up this like what was going on, like, what are all of the factors that led up to this is one thing, but I mean, you definitely want to be able to keep me mindful keeping proper hygiene coronavirus good no coronavirus you want to keep proper hygiene.
Brandon H: Yeah, I agree. I think it's a big scare mostly, like you said, is for children and elderly adults and people have already had problems are the ones that risk.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, there are more at risk than a healthy a healthy individual they're more at risk because their immune system already come to people that their immune system is already compromised, like I said, a flu for them can be just as deadly
Brandon H: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: System is already compromised. So anything that means
Richelle Direny: It's gonna, you know, very a big impact. It's kind of like if you're I learned this some time ago, like if you're on hospice year you have
Richelle Direny: You have cancer or let's just say, and you're on hospice and you know they can't do anything for you, somebody comes and gives you a coal, guess what, now you die. Was it the cancer that killed you. Or was it the flu that killed you.
Brandon H: Don't say the flu did it.
Richelle Direny: Because that was the newest thing and that was the newest complication. So that's what else it took you out. Nevermind that you've
Richelle Direny: Already on hospice and dying of cancer. It's the flu. So what did they tell you you died of the flu, simply because the flu. Was that final thing that came in.
Richelle Direny: And kind of shut everything down.
Richelle Direny: So, and that's kind of how the corona viruses. They're not telling you that these people already was already on their dying bed and other things was going on. They just say, oh, it's a flu. So then everyone gets nervous and saying, Hey, but hey, that's my, that's my rant.
Brandon H: Yeah, actually, Ohio is shut down all restaurants and bars because you know they do carry out
Richelle Direny: Everywhere. That's not just Ohio everywhere.
Brandon H: Everywhere. Everywhere.
Brandon H: On Ohio things I'm in Ohio. I didn't know I did everywhere. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Everywhere. If you look at if you go on the CD.
Richelle Direny: You go on their website and you they have like a map of the United States. Mm hmm. When you click on they haven't color coded and based on the color coding of the map. It tells you how many
Richelle Direny: documented cases of the coronavirus
Richelle Direny: And he, but then nationally. Remember the President I think on Friday, he declared a national emergency
Brandon H: Really
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So because of that schools are closed for two weeks. Um, they they they suspended, a lot of things, then that's just nationwide. It's not, it's not just for the states nationwide. They spend schools they suspended on places of worship.
Richelle Direny: They are recommended that people don't travel outside the US they shut down cruise ships. I mean, restaurants, there are encouraging that you don't go to anywhere for with gatherings over 50 people
Richelle Direny: Just to kind of
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so it's kind of like some degree there quarantining everyone so they can get ahold of
Brandon H: You know what's going on. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So it's a whole lot of excitement going on in this wonderful US of A.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No, I would just recommend that, in the future, like when, if you're not going to be able to make it group like
Richelle Direny: If you're not feeling well, if you just kind of shoot send us send the message.
Brandon H: Whatever it is totally slipped my mind was Thursday I remembered Thursday night, and I actually got a text from somebody who said, where you are in group Thursday. And I said, no, I'm sorry. I was sick. I was ill. I don't know who texted me but
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brandon H: Okay, did I show me to get my prescription. I called in for adding was able to get a week supply
Brandon H: I was in bed and this didn't even register was Thursday morning just slept right through it.
Richelle Direny: I mean, this
Richelle Direny: Feeling. Well, that's fine when you're not feeling well unless it's it's completely understandable.
Brandon H: Yeah. Normally I would have told you guys would I didn't even cross my mind was group. I just was thinking about my cold.
Richelle Direny: No, that's cool. That's cool. Um, hold on, let me pull up here.
Richelle Direny: You don't see a counselor on on in the community. Right.
Brandon H: Yeah, I was seeing Angela had to reschedule and then
Brandon H: They respected me so Africa they send me a reminder, but sometimes the end of March, I had to go a month out with her, I was
Brandon H: When I first three laps. I was seeing her quite often. And then I had to reschedule. And we had to do a month apart. So I haven't seen in a while.
Brandon H: Jesus conquest.
Brandon H: That's where I used to get my soapbox I'm one probation made me switch over.
Brandon H: So you guys know the conquest because probation, pretty much for me.
Brandon H: They said they didn't force me, but they did.
Whoa.
Brandon H: You know, George.
Richelle Direny: Enjoying the community.
Brandon H: Yes, you. For conquest.
Brandon H: And the community. Yeah.
Brandon H: I'll see to get my Suboxone there when I had to switch
Richelle Direny: How are you, have you spent any time with your was it your nephew.
Brandon H: No, I haven't seen him in a while. I went to a basketball game.
Brandon H: Yeah, one game. A couple Sarah about three weeks ago.
Brandon H: And that's the last time.
Richelle Direny: NBA
Brandon H: Know they had a basketball game for kids.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Brandon H: They play there. They're pretty young, playing with the older kids. So they're doing pretty good.
Brandon H: I play ahead of their age group football to they've been playing way ahead of their age.
Brandon H: My brother was a big and as far as was I so he's really got him doing his wife was into sports as well.
Brandon H: They enjoy that really, they really enjoy it, too.
Richelle Direny: So you're not into sports anymore as much
Brandon H: Yeah, I said, watch football and I don't watch much NBA like they used to. In the bottom left for LA and a damper on my watch. And because I'm in Ohio.
Richelle Direny: So are you saying that because O'Brien last year old Ohio. You are no longer a fan.
Brandon H: No, I'm saying LeBron I'm here, I'm happy for him, but I don't want to cast much there is always losing
Richelle Direny: After, after they left it, they just kept actually left, they just kept losing
Brandon H: Yeah, everybody to families in Miami, as well.
Brandon H: I like the bronze a person needs from Akron, Ohio.
Brandon H: He was playing high school football. When I was in college.
Brandon H: I read about him in Akron BEACON JOURNAL
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Sorry about that.
Richelle Direny: No, you're okay my
Mom.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So since we last met. I know the last time that we met individually. We touched a little bit on um
Richelle Direny: You know, you talked about
Richelle Direny: Talks about you identified in the character traits of your parents, you talked about
Richelle Direny: You know, Christianity, like kind of your happy place. But then, and why you stepped away and kind of how that was so um, is there anything that you want to share like since the last time we've met. Did you, you know, is there anything that's new that has changed that he was implemented.
Brandon H: Well, I want I'm gonna do laundry Sunday.
Brandon H: And just gonna get into it about politics, my parents. I forget how they brought it up, but they're a TRUMP FAN. I'm not
Brandon H: So,
Brandon H: They really can push a republican stuff towards me and I don't accept it very nicely kind of in the middle, then I kind of lean more towards a conservative Democrat.
Brandon H: Might have complete liberal I allow
Brandon H: People are people's way I looked at. I don't put certain groups of people down or anything.
Richelle Direny: So you say you went to the laundry with them.
Brandon H: Yeah, hit their limit. Mr. Nicholas they sold her home. Recently, the one I was in for a lot of years with them.
So,
Brandon H: I'm kind of glad it is so because I spent so many years there when I was using drugs. It was ridiculous.
Richelle Direny: So,
Brandon H: Childhood memories. It was memories of doing drugs.
Richelle Direny: So you think that was a good move for them.
Brandon H: Yeah, I hope everybody out they need to downsize, and everybody needs to let go of that place and
Brandon H: Move into their own new things.
Richelle Direny: Now is it closer to where you are.
Brandon H: Nervous about a couple miles from where they used to be. There is that my uncle's house for temporarily so they buy a new home, or they might build as well. And it's brand new Bible a lot Minerva
Brandon H: They might build a ranch or buy a ranch MY BROTHER LIVES ON like Mohawk which is like a huge lake and a huge community of mostly upper middle class and beyond.
Brandon H: And they have a lot of ranch homes there, they might move there, which is just
Brandon H: 10 minutes from a nerve. So they're they're saying the same area.
Richelle Direny: YOU ALL YOU SAY YOUR PARENTS main is close to where your brother is
Brandon H: They might move to LA mo gets is a huge community outside of Melbourne.
Brandon H: Big huge lake and there's I mean there's million dollar homes, there's regular homes or summer homes. There's all kinds of things out there.
Richelle Direny: And so you're gonna know how far away. Would that be from you.
Brandon H: About a half hour, where they're at. Now, same difference
Richelle Direny: Oh, so d, do you try to spend a little bit more time with them.
Brandon H: I know Lisa is going to get into space because they're my uncle's is adjustment for them. They've lived at home for 37 years
Brandon H: So it's quite an adjustment for them.
Richelle Direny: Open
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brandon H: So I you know Motherwell to he worked for him in the summer mo on the church and mow his lawn. He had a back problem, he's an ex teacher can just retired about five years ago.
Brandon H: He taught Spanish and whenever for years and years.
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. So you say you work with him during the summer.
Brandon H: Yeah, and his son does roof, and he's a teacher does riffing on the side like model used to do. And I got a couple of roofing job on the side too.
Brandon H: So I wasn't really close. I knew baffle Ray, but didn't know very well to the summer, kind of get to know him better each pretty nice guy.
Richelle Direny: Now I'm now outside of spending the time with your
Richelle Direny: Over the weekend, like what about what's your brother do you try to work on spending time with you.
Brandon H: I haven't been to his house in a while. Usually I go visit my nephews when they're at my parents.
Brandon H: Just for convenience, but I guess I could go down here and there. So he so busy. He's the big boss for Expo, which is like a FedEx company used to work for FedEx and he was next and command at the hub for free. And then you couldn't go any higher without moving to another.
Brandon H: Part of the country, pretty much, or another part of the state.
Brandon H: So he went to another company and got the highest job in charge of a whole hub for afraid company. So he does really well. He's always busy in their weekends or doing sports and their families. I don't really want to interfere too much.
Richelle Direny: With your brother and his family time
Brandon H: Yeah, man, I don't know. I guess I could go down there, just
Brandon H: Me, I'm going to add it to me successful just you know collab form. Okay, but
Richelle Direny: Is it, is that what you're telling yourself or that you feel bad because you have a dish history and
Richelle Direny: In your eyes. He's alive seems better
Brandon H: His wife is better. He's happy. I mean really super happy.
Brandon H: Even if you don't face how happy is, you know,
Brandon H: He has a good job. He had a great wife two great kids nice home. He's very on social media is that he's always happy.
Brandon H: I can tell when he's he's angry. He don't he don't hold exposure as well as I do. When he gets upset so I know if he's not having a good time.
Richelle Direny: How often do you do you try to do you make an attempt to try to speak with him. Reach out saying
Brandon H: Now I should my mom or they worries about that too is we haven't been very close, since we were about school
Richelle Direny: He has he tried to reach out to you.
Brandon H: Know I reached out to him some time as I mean I told him. There was a new store opening and can they're having a spider man picture with the kids.
Brandon H: He said he might try and make it, but I never heard back. So I didn't work outside the kids would enjoy seeing spider man.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: So you think like what is what is for you at this juncture of your life at this point in your sobriety in what you're working for. What is it that you would like to
Richelle Direny: What would, what is it that you would like to see different in your life that will help you because I do see
Brandon H: A History of the question.
Brandon H: Yeah, I haven't been really depressed lately I joined Planet Fitness and it's haven't got down. I'm gonna get it. They have free physical trainers. I think so.
Brandon H: My get hooked up with one of them just to get me going.
Brandon H: Let's get the get go on with it.
Brandon H: Is Mr. You get shave them over way don't feel very confident my logs right now.
Brandon H: And it is when you work out and make sure that he'd be holding the level of confidence.
Richelle Direny: You said, what was the last part level of why
Brandon H: A lot of confidence.
Brandon H: Again, it makes you feel good about yourself.
Richelle Direny: So you think your confidence level is a really low.
Brandon H: It's not as low as it has been in the past. I mean, I'm getting more confident, who I am just want to get more
Brandon H: Competent my whole self.
Richelle Direny: And in your mind. What is your idea of what does confidence will quiet for you because sometimes our expectation and make us think that, you know, could create what we think it should look like.
Brandon H: Well,
Brandon H: And we should add sweet stuff you know I lay around a lot. That's not going to create much good stuff.
Richelle Direny: I know one of the things that we talked about before in one of our session was your you somewhat isolate because you feel
Richelle Direny: You're not good at socializing and in the past.
Brandon H: I think
Richelle Direny: Under the influence that was what helped you to kind of
Richelle Direny: It helps your social anxiety.
Brandon H: Yeah, that's one of the main problems it
Richelle Direny: Is your social anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Is it that you fear being accepted amongst your peer group.
Uh huh.
Brandon H: I usually am wild accepted running buddy I hang out with people like me, but I don't like myself or well
Richelle Direny: You don't like your
Brandon H: Work always worried you know that I'm not good enough or
Brandon H: I'm on the right thinking track or I'm not
Brandon H: I don't notice where I'm worse enemy when it comes to that.
Brandon H: I psychoanalyze myself to death. I don't do it as much as I used to.
Brandon H: But I used to sit and analyze myself with the psychology and learn in college and just tear myself apart.
Richelle Direny: What you said a lot of that that lack of self confidence and the social anxiety has always been there since you were a kid, right.
Yeah.
Brandon H: People always writes me a hell on friends from school and
Brandon H: All that stuff was popular
Brandon H: In high school was easy. I got good grades.
Brandon H: I was honor society.
Brandon H: Been football party hung out with kids were smart.
Brandon H: Nice LD kids, nice to everybody college and is really went out there. They're Lana was Jennings that really changes your whole. It's hard to explain it. There's no other drug that will change you like a hallucinogenic. Whoa, especially acid.
Brandon H: That causes that drip. I was talking about last time in the back of your spine and nobody else has unless you've done acid.
Brandon H: So what's your pin down your spine is brain fluid you snap your back the wrong way. You can flash into an acid trip and never come out of it.
Brandon H: For real.
Brandon H: You know I never had that happen but I tripped over a lot of dumb stuff for a long time that if I hadn't done it as a prayer wouldn't be, you know,
Done that.
Richelle Direny: What is your eyes. So in your mind. What is your idea of a good time are fun, or what you
Richelle Direny: On outside of your home.
Brandon H: I really don't have openings right now. I wanted me to lift And maybe I'll socialize there. Hopefully me some people
Brandon H: Nothing.
Brandon H: Huh.
Richelle Direny: He said, That's why you want to get were
Brandon H: To the Planet Fitness because it might might help me and socializing being around others going the same thing. And maybe talk to some people.
Go to the gym.
Richelle Direny: Or you go to their class one of the classes at the gym now.
Brandon H: I need to get a physical trainer I signed up and paid all the money into it and the monthly fees like $10 but
Brandon H: I just haven't got down there and got down to brass tacks here with it.
Richelle Direny: So what's stopping what's keeping you from going down there.
Brandon H: Laziness anxiety.
Brandon H: Just
Brandon H: Putting it off saying, well, it's already halfway through this week. Oh, we're starting next week.
Richelle Direny: What would you say you're anxious about when it comes on to
Brandon H: What are you anxious about socializing well
Brandon H: When you don't have to go there and talk to anybody, but I'd like to be able to be sociable, at least.
Richelle Direny: Well, what about one to one of the classes at the gym.
Brandon H: I don't know, I might try that out. I think about getting a personal trainer to and
Brandon H: Kind of, they might introduce me to people that are in the same track. I'm in or
Brandon H: I don't know, they might have a class that I'm interested in. I haven't looked, I haven't got there I signed it once before. I only went twice, but this time I'm going to try to get serious about it. I have no other options you have to do something.
Richelle Direny: So I'm going to challenge you that maybe
Richelle Direny: The end. We could talk about like maybe identifying one barrier. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Like so, like when we talked about, like,
Richelle Direny: When we talk about now is it seems like you are you isolate a lot, don't you, you don't really go anywhere. You just pretty much working home.
Brandon H: For the most part, yeah.
Brandon H: I want to get back to walk in the park last spring. When I was an insurance program. I started walking the parks around areas, a lot of Parks and Kim.
Brandon H: And the surrounding areas. I was walking in my lost weight and was feeling better about myself and walked every day for like three months or four months.
Brandon H: And I got real hot. Oh, no sweat so bad as what walking
Richelle Direny: Well, I know, I know when it's hot outside, it's very discouraging to go out there and
Brandon H: And suddenly I was I sweat easily. I was drenched right time I walked a mile.
Richelle Direny: What but then that's a good thing because if you're sweating. It means that you're burning calories, aren't you huh
Brandon H: Yeah, but it just
Brandon H: I was this get discouraged with it because I was a mess. Last time I got home, we know when the sprinters nice out when it's not too hot. You can walk and not really break a sweat like it when it's like that.
Richelle Direny: So what about
Richelle Direny: What time do you get off work.
Richelle Direny: So what about, like, after you get off work going to the gym straight from work for like an hour.
Brandon H: It may not be my plan is. That's right.
Exactly.
Brandon H: To do right after work that way. There's no excuse. And I get seven to one in the morning.
Richelle Direny: Just go in the morning, go to maybe one of the if they have like a really early class, um, cuz sometimes these gyms, they have classes.
Brandon H: Yeah.
Brandon H: Yeah, they do. They have yoga. No, no physical, they have a new dancing stuff that but
Brandon H: They certainly have I'd be interested in
Richelle Direny: So maybe you could look into the gym that you go to, uh huh. See, when they have the classes that they offer and challenge yourself maybe going one time before I next session that you'll go at least one time to see what it's all about. And then you can share here.
Brandon H: What
Was like
Brandon H: Yeah I plan to be there. I was going to go today and I overslept.
Brandon H: Tomorrow, a mop. But as I go down, or anytime goddess up to get my membership cards already signed up online, and then
Brandon H: Ask them about personal trainers and then they'll get a sheet of stuff for their classes. They can be last time, see if there's anything I want to sign up for some manner that first time I got to get to where
Brandon H: The first time I heard is
Richelle Direny: So what what stature, you said that you were tired. That's why you didn't go the last time he wants to go.
Brandon H: Well, Monday is like my first day of freedom. I know I don't have to work the next that night so Talladega a Saturday morning for me. Monday morning.
Brandon H: I mean, I work Sunday night, but when I get out Monday morning. I have two days of freedom. So I don't, I kind of love it as my weekend.
Richelle Direny: No, you said that they pretty much at your job they pay you to sleep. So you get some sleep at your job right.
Brandon H: Yeah, usually actually pretty decent not always usually
Richelle Direny: Okay, so then
Richelle Direny: Okay, but it's not too, too, you're basically saying it's not too, too, tiring. After you get off work for you to go
Brandon H: Back and say, I actually am obering a friend of mine, son. He works in Canton and Elizabeth alliance.
Brandon H: Four days a week now or after work, and then two days, I have to get up on my own. See where he needs to be Tuesday and Wednesday, which I'm off. So I'm going to be getting up at 6am every day of the week now.
Brandon H: You're going to get the extra money.
Richelle Direny: Also, when you leave, you're going to be going somewhere else to work. You're saying
Brandon H: No to pick somebody go from work to take them to their home and he pays me to move room.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Okay, so then after that, maybe you could try. One thing you got every day.
Brandon H: I'm doing it Tuesday through Friday so even my days off. I'm saying I'll be still been getting up at 6am because Tuesday and Wednesday normally don't have to get up, but now I do
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: But then with the gym everything there is continuous.
Brandon H: Yeah I know if I get into that going in at 6am, the least five days. Even the days about lifting I go in, do a treadmill or a bicycle or something. After I do my obering and so that's my plan exactly how you you started out, I thought it out that way to
Brandon H: It makes most sense. Because then I have no excuse. If I go straight from work or straight from, you know, straight there after I'm done with everything that I have no excuse. And I haven't done in my sleep. Most today, Alicia did some. Mm hmm.
Brandon H: But my plan.
Richelle Direny: But I just want you to be able to just think, you know, if you do it. Let's say you know you pick a day you go. The first time you see how that feels.
Richelle Direny: Like outside of the ring and everything else. What would stop you. Like, what part of your anxiety when you think about the idea of having to push yourself to go to the gym and stay there for these 20 to 30 minutes well
Brandon H: I worry about, you know, the more I meet people are less sociable, I get
Brandon H: I'm not really good was in depth.
Brandon H: I'm not really good at fake friends. You know, I have some friends or family that I talked to. But as for the icing and just casual conversation, getting to know people on as acquaintances. I'm not good at.
Richelle Direny: Do you think that some of it is part of how you created in your mind like you feel obligated to say more than the required amount of things that one needs to say
Brandon H: Yeah, I'm not a big talker, unless I really know somebody in
Brandon H: Me know if I know sometimes equations is high, but I don't really want to be s about anything man may improve on that at the gym. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: But remember the gym. You're really not talking to anybody.
Brandon H: Well, I mean, they're here if you did here at the same time with somebody else or like five other people are kind of get to know each other is at least passing by. You might talk to people eventually
Richelle Direny: Remember, you're going to the team for your health. So to work out. Do you want me to talk to anybody.
Brandon H: Want to see anybody. Yeah, you're right. I don't have to speak to anyone but
Richelle Direny: I'm not the only person that you may have to get in conversation with is maybe the, um,
Richelle Direny: What does it call the trainer.
Brandon H: Trainer. Yeah, they have free
Richelle Direny: And your, your conversations. There are very intentional. It's very
Brandon H: Very normal. Yeah.
Brandon H: That'd be a normal conversation. Yeah, I won't have to be a slaughter.
Brandon H: Do you think that it's not good. A casual conversation. I don't
Brandon H: Know why I'm just not good at it.
Richelle Direny: Do you think that's some of your anxiety. Maybe it's how you see yourself in comparison to how much you
Brandon H: Guys don't like to be yes. I don't like to
Brandon H: Talk about an awesome I'm not good at. I don't like it.
Richelle Direny: But how
Richelle Direny: How do you see yourself.
Brandon H: I see myself as a quiet person is nice and
Brandon H: I'm a nice kind, caring, giving person who
Brandon H: I know easily get mission news to people take advantage of the Kindness. Kindness is a weakness.
Richelle Direny: But then
Richelle Direny: Outside of the the kind giving person when you stand and you look in the mirror. What do you see, who do you see, are you happy with the person that you see. Are you satisfied with the person that you see.
Brandon H: No cuz I'm not living out my full potential. And I know that
Brandon H: I'm not even close, not even halfway there.
Richelle Direny: But if you see yourself that way, then you're going to see the world around you CZ the same way.
Brandon H: You're right. I do.
Richelle Direny: So that's a, you have to start with the way you see yourself because the word of the Ranger sees you just, you know, exactly like I see. But then if you see yourself as unworthy. If you see yourself as someone who, you know, if you're if you're a
Richelle Direny: Where are where our own biggest critic.
Richelle Direny: And if you're judging who you are your capabilities and if you're doing all of that, then you're going to think the world around you and see you the same way. And so that's where you come from.
Brandon H: I guess I'm to the point where I'm starting to not care as much as what the world thinks of me. I just gotta do.
Brandon H: I gotta follow through with it.
Brandon H: I mean, here he says I want was, but I still have those tendencies.
Richelle Direny: You still have the remnants of it in the tendencies and that's fine because, I mean, if you've been anxious for the last 30 years. I can tell you right now, I can promise you this, you ain't gonna get rid of that anxiety in the next 10 minutes right you're
Richelle Direny: Taken it's taken 30 years to perfect
Brandon H: Actually 40
Richelle Direny: There you go. It's taken 40
Brandon H: Even nervous and kindergarten. I remember it.
Brandon H: Was an intellect and really sit, but just learn to adapt.
Richelle Direny: Well, if it's taken 40 years so perfect. There's no way you're going to get rid of that sense of anxiety and you know the
Brandon H: Time. It's kind of
Brandon H: An effort in
Brandon H: Time and make an effort. I don't make much effort. I just take it as, oh, whoa, I am who I am and we'll do it again. Do you, but I gotta be happy to have to learn to compromise and learn to adapt and learn to get involved.
Richelle Direny: You become complacent with who you are. You become super comfortable you've
Richelle Direny: Become and though there's nothing wrong with it. But the question is, do you like being the way you are.
Brandon H: No. Neither am I happy got the one anything
Brandon H: I gotta have some activity, something to look forward to some very proud of.
Brandon H: Something I can say I do
Brandon H: Something I can feel I can do something I some live for.
Richelle Direny: Do you think that you feel inadequate because at this stage of your life where you ever married
Brandon H: No, I was in two relationships where I was like a step to add one was seven years. One was eight years, both and two kids.
Brandon H: They were older kids to so when
Brandon H: The one girl one to call me her dad when I was, she was too far long
Brandon H: I felt for because her dad was a real piece of work and abusive and all forms of abuse to her mother.
Brandon H: But
Brandon H: Take that name from him. It wasn't mine and take
Brandon H: I treated her like my daughter, but I didn't. I still do. I still talk to her, but
Richelle Direny: How old are they
Brandon H: She's 23 now I think 22 or 23
Brandon H: They her sister, it'd be a couple years older. She's probably already 26 years old. And then the other two ones probably
Brandon H: He's probably the same as what he's about 26, it has to be about 21
Brandon H: The one. It was one of them out of the four
Brandon H: And then is leverage them and I wasn't like abusive or anything that is there was times that mothers wanted me to discipline. But what am I supposed to do, so I'm not going to discipline your children and my mind.
Brandon H: That might have been looking at me that way is, I'm the type renovo step dad. He just wants to abuse and no no no no.
Richelle Direny: You find that, um, that some of your isolation and your social anxiety is due to you, not
Richelle Direny: Further in life than where you are right now.
Brandon H: Yes, Vegas. When I was in chance and just wasn't doing anything with going ISP and all that stuff. And I op and all that and just go on a our time I wake up crying. I haven't gotten very far in life.
Brandon H: Now I'm mistaken, as I am or am
Brandon H: Whatever happens, happens. Hopefully it's good if I stay good it'll be good or a bad will be bad.
Richelle Direny: So it caught you kind of like settled with you kind of forced yourself to settle with how what life has is
Brandon H: Now, yeah.
Brandon H: Change password change you.
Richelle Direny: Can't change the
Richelle Direny: Past, you can definitely change the future but it starts with what you do today.
Brandon H: Right, yeah. I mean, my future depends on every day, what I do.
Brandon H: In my life.
Richelle Direny: But it sounds like you're a prisoner of your own anxiety.
Brandon H: Yes, and a prisoner my own my own
Brandon H: I guess I'm a bigger than myself.
Brandon H: I put myself down no matter what I do, I do it wrong no matter how I do
Richelle Direny: You think yeah you've imprisoned yourself. So each day you strive to you think about ways to
Richelle Direny: Step out
Brandon H: Yeah.
But then
Richelle Direny: You enslave yourself.
Brandon H: Yes, I do.
Richelle Direny: You imprison yourself with things. So it's like you have like these invisible shackles around your feet and hands.
Richelle Direny: Have blinders on.
Richelle Direny: And you
You've imprisoned yourself.
Richelle Direny: To experience what is out there and what the world has to offer, simply because of
Richelle Direny: Who you look when you stand in the mirror and you look at yourself. You are not pleased with the person you're looking at
Brandon H: Right, I said to them, when I haven't, please move
Brandon H: At work, I'm willing to accept that my where I'm at. But I'm not happy with it completely at all my clothes.
Richelle Direny: And so the question then becomes,
Richelle Direny: What is it about us that you're not happy with what, like what are all the things that about you that you are not happy with.
Brandon H: That I'm not that person is stress of a conversation that I'm not the person is outgoing I don't come off as pleasant all the time even though I really enjoyed. I really am close
Richelle Direny: When you say not pleasant. What do you mean
Brandon H: Let us come off as I view myself as Columbus area again are too good for Steve or
Brandon H: Don't talk
Richelle Direny: So because you don't talk. It's you're not very pleasant.
Brandon H: Well, most people look at as your standoffish. If you don't speak or don't follow him the conversation. I look at it is, I don't really need to know that vs. Listen to you, but I'm not gonna
Brandon H: Say much
Richelle Direny: Because you don't feel like whatever he's been talks about is something that
Brandon H: Man, he
Richelle Direny: Or you can add to the conversation.
Richelle Direny: I mean, that's
Brandon H: Not a big fake PR i don't i don't flatter a lot, unless somebody deserves me fly or, you know, I don't
Richelle Direny: Know, so I think taking baby steps to counter act or at least come try your best to come face to face with your anxieties, I would definitely say starting off with
Brandon H: Make you
Richelle Direny: I think you know I think making like these daily
Richelle Direny: positive affirmations to yourself.
Richelle Direny: A help. I think it will help you making, and I will definitely encourage you, until we meet again is to make these positive affirmations to yourself daily what tell yourself. One thing positive about yourself.
Brandon H: Yeah, I try. I will try to remember that from last time I'm trying to do that.
Brandon H: Trying to find an example of something to be grateful for.
Brandon H: Someone to be happy about or something to be proud of or something to be
Brandon H: I don't know, meaning to be happy about.
Richelle Direny: And you talk about it in group like what we talked about, like, what are you happy for in the day, but I know one of your things was to be back in the program. But, I mean, I want you to be able to identify during our next time. What is it that Brandon likes about Brandon
Richelle Direny: If Brandon was supposed to have an out of body experience. What is it that he can say to him. So what is one thing he can say
Richelle Direny: Knowing what you've known about your past knowing where you are today and what is it that you would like
To say to you. Oh.
Brandon H: I'm a fair person I know. And I'm kind of others. I don't do my I don't judge wrestling and I don't I try not to judge anything at all. The older I get, don't even look at it like
Brandon H: Somebody is doing something with it if I feel that we're off the assessor business, you know,
Brandon H: And I'm look I'm a kind person. I'm a fair shot. I'm a good person doing bad things were used to say.
Brandon H: In a bad game. I was going good. And on top of bad, even though it's on drugs. It wasn't that Stephen or wasn't out, putting people down
Brandon H: I would help a person, a common adage, especially to try to find themselves.
Brandon H: They don't do well. I'll be myself I myself.
Brandon H: I give a lot of good advice that I don't take my own
Richelle Direny: You don't know how to apply it.
Richelle Direny: Because you don't believe in yourself.
Yeah.
I know
Richelle Direny: That's where your low self esteem. This where your depression. This is where your isolation. This is where your self sabotage comes from
Brandon H: Yes, we're
Richelle Direny: Good. You like I said you're a prisoner you you've imprisoned yourself.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: As I said, You know I would. What will stop you in doing saying one positive thing about looking at yourself. Each morning and saying one positive thing about yourself.
Brandon H: What would I do
Richelle Direny: What would stop you from doing that.
Nothing.
Brandon H: I mean, I mean nothing should stop me, but
Brandon H: I'll find some negative before if I'm so positive.
Richelle Direny: So I would, I would recommend that each day. You start off with saying one
Brandon H: Positive thing about
Brandon H: Let's start right now the idea
Richelle Direny: What is one thing that you let's start right now. What's one thing that you can say positive
Brandon H: For today, I showed up for the meeting and been cooperating very well and being open
Brandon H: And
Brandon H: Read more focus and I was
Brandon H: The whole week last week, you know,
Brandon H: Much more on point.
Richelle Direny: So I'm every frame that then for you.
Richelle Direny: What you're saying is
Richelle Direny: You're proud of yourself or keeping your commitments, so you keep commitments.
Richelle Direny: Are vigilant in your intentional about working on you.
Richelle Direny: You brought your full self to your session.
Richelle Direny: And not only did you bring your full self to your session, you were able to
Richelle Direny: Be open and honest about what your struggles are
Brandon H: Yeah.
Brandon H: So that's the first time I can play. I've been in the Council game, a long time. And so characters and all that I can be s all day long and play give you the right answer and whatnot but
Brandon H: YOU GET YOU GET YOU BRING IT OUT OF MAN pretty good and I agree with a lot of what you're saying and I just go on textbook, you're actually a sincere about it so
Richelle Direny: So what. So you're saying that's a little bit different, where you're saying
Richelle Direny: You see, you're, you're feeling challenged
Brandon H: Yeah yeah well challenges. Try to complete, you know, not just to appease you would appease myself as well.
Richelle Direny: I will definitely I challenge you. I really truly challenge you daily to and I check in with you on Thursday.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, that you are. Do you know what is you. What is something positive that you've identified about yourself at least one positive things because you see how I reframe everything you know
Richelle Direny: Yeah, committed you are willing
Richelle Direny: And able to identify what your challenges are
Richelle Direny: But outside of that, you know,
Richelle Direny: You. I think you i can i can
Richelle Direny: Each time that I've met with you. I see that you you have low self esteem you isolate a lot and you, you have a lot of anxiety when it comes on to people.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And it's not just and this is the thing. It's not just in crowds. It seems like even one on one. There is there is there still anxiety there.
Brandon H: Yeah.
Brandon H: I just always worried about offending people. I don't want to
Brandon H: Meet person when it comes out. I kind of off to the big baritone big guy and do whatever he wants. But I don't feel that
You know,
Richelle Direny: You. It's so you
Brandon H: Know up that way. But I would I would hate myself if I did that.
Richelle Direny: But again, like I said, we become our worst enemy. We imprison ourselves.
Brandon H: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And your what imprisons what
Richelle Direny: What has kept you imprisoned is your anxiety.
Brandon H: Yeah, for all my life.
Richelle Direny: And fear and fear is ultimate that trumps at all. So there is anxiety, there is you know all this different stuff, but it's the fear of what you are capable of doing.
Brandon H: It and wishing
Brandon H: And I'm smart enough to know what my my capabilities are. And my potential ways, but I just don't reach out for it.
Richelle Direny: Because you fear you fear your fear your
Brandon H: Fear, I fear responsibility to better job more responsibility, a whiteboard responsibility and kids more responsibility.
Brandon H: Possibility to. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You see here, so
Brandon H: You know, care about my drug problem as interfering with that not and i can collapse, any one of those situations.
Richelle Direny: What is it safe to say that you fear what true happiness feels like
Brandon H: Yeah, I do.
Brandon H: I mean I what I wish for it, but I don't accept it.
Richelle Direny: Because you can hear you fear what you see it, you see everybody enjoying it, and you want it, but you fear for yourself what that would look like you fear what it feels like. And what it would look like, and how you
Richelle Direny: Would
Richelle Direny: You know how you would be accepted, how you would embrace it. You fear a lot you fear the unknown.
Brandon H: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Not a lot. I like to know.
Richelle Direny: Well, you know what
Richelle Direny: Too much knowledge is what got a whole lot of us in trouble.
Brandon H: Yes, true history too much knowledge is trouble so
Brandon H: Dire do too much noise.
Brandon H: Many martyrs have died have too much knowledge.
Richelle Direny: Much knowledge. I think we all, we all having too much knowledge is not necessarily a good thing. We think it's a good thing, but it's not a good thing. So
Brandon H: Back to the Genesis
Brandon H: One, do I supposed to know
Richelle Direny: There you go.
Brandon H: 10% of our brain for a reason.
Richelle Direny: He only give us 10% reasons.
Richelle Direny: So it goes back to exactly Adam and Eve.
Brandon H: Don't
Richelle Direny: Eat knowledge because it brings best to you right
Brandon H: Yeah, exactly.
Richelle Direny: All right, but too much is just oh
Brandon H: Yeah I search for wisdom now and how to use knowledge wisely instead of as power or anything like that exists. Exactly, exactly.
Richelle Direny: So we I, you know, like I said, fear, fear has become your, your mastery.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Fear has become your master that has led you for many years, but then you have to take it back and you because you know what, there's only so much we can control.
Richelle Direny: And we're not even even full control of ourselves. That's it, that's within itself limited, but what we can. What we're given ability to control. We really don't know how to utilize that. Yeah.
Brandon H: So yeah, you're exactly right.
Richelle Direny: So I think, I think we all are victims of our expectations we create these expectations on our own. And then we we don't need it. We become depressed, we come
Richelle Direny: You know what isolate we self sabotage, simply because of our expectations and we have to learn to identify what is our expectation and kind of lowering them so that you can eat it, or you can attain it.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: So, um, I think, like I said, between now when when when we meet individually. Again, we'll talk
Richelle Direny: We'll get more into it but I definitely want to challenge you, even in in our group meetings weekly. I'm going to still check in, you know, not just gratitude. But what is your affirmation. What's your self affirmation starting off what what is your self affirmation for today.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, let me see, when we're going to meet again, hold on. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You can meet on
Richelle Direny: We meet every other week.
Brandon H: Now we made about maybe once a month.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So then let's go
Brandon H: That was senior February 24 Mario 65 every three weeks.
Richelle Direny: Okay, let's do the six
Brandon H: APRIL six.
Brandon H: That's a Monday.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay.
Brandon H: 6pm
On the ones
Richelle Direny: We could do six or five, which one is better.
Brandon H: Price six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brandon H: Whatever works better for you if
Brandon H: I could do
Richelle Direny: It again.
Brandon H: It's me if I'm the last point, one of the day what works better for you. If I were six
Richelle Direny: Oh no, my last appointment of days in a clock.
Oh,
OK.
Richelle Direny: OK, so I have you for six o'clock on the six
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Nice. I will see you in group on
Richelle Direny: Thursday. Thursday.
Brandon H: Thursday. Yeah, beer, for sure. I mean,
Richelle Direny: There is a 12 o'clock we changed it. We're moving it up an hour 12 o'clock.
Brandon H: awesome new now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I have to send out a message. So you can change it.
Richelle Direny: So yeah all right then bring it. I will see you on Thursday at 12 o'clock.
Brandon H: Great. Have a good one. You too.
Richelle Direny: Bye bye.
Brandon H: Thank you. Bye.